(techno music)
- This is the largest stadium in the world
and inside are the 10
biggest creators on YouTube.
This is $1 million and
whichever one of them
I find last keeps it!
(crew cheers)
I'm gonna count to a hundred.
Go hide.
(crew cheers)
- See later, everybody.
Three.
- Okay, This is for a million dollars
- Six.
Hey, Mark, good luck!
- Thank you!
- [Jimmy] This stadium
can hold a hundred thousand people
and has a million places to hide.
- 51, 52.
Do I really have to count to a hundred?
- We need more time, Jimmy.
- Three, two, one.
$1 million for your fans.
Good luck.
In my previous video, I
invited a bunch of YouTubers
that had a bunch of crazy challenges.
The 10 people competing
here were the winners
of those challenges.
So let's go left.
- They are not finding me.
- I haven't run this much since P.E.
- [Boy] Okay.
(upbeat music)
- I'm gonna go that way.
You go that way.
- Okay
- I have the perfect hiding place.
- They give us no time to hide.
- We scaled up an eight-foot wall.
Jimmy, you can come find me.
- Come out, come out where you are.
- Trust me.
There's somebody over here.
I'm gonna find you.
Give it a rest.
(Jimmy knocking)
Do you smell that?
- If they're in here, they want it.
But this smells so bad.
- So am in a trash can right now.
Oh, my God.
This is disgusting.
Jimmy, I've been looking
for like a year, I think
and I still haven't found anybody.
- Why do I keep picking
giant places for this stuff?
We did three laps at the
stadium and found nothing.
I feel like this game could take forever
but sometimes you can get lucky.
Steps to the perfect hiding spot.
Pop open the top, climb in.
(dramatic music)
It is the perfect hiding spot.
Perfect.
And while Mat Pat was climbing
in a trashcan, we got him.
You're not some trash worker.
- No!
Trash worker.
- Yes, I found someone!
Attention, everybody!
Mat Pat is officially out!
- Look at my shame.
- No, not Mat!
- Dang it!
I was rooting for him.
- No joke, I was like 40 feet away
from the cleaner when you found me.
(Jimmy screams)
- I searched a hundred more
rooms and found nobody.
I literally have no idea
where they're hiding.
- Jimmy, there are cars in the building.
There may be somebody hiding in there.
- You're right.
Let's see if someone's in here.
- No way.
(dramatic sting)
I almost hit the door. (laughs)
- (hisses) I barricaded myself
in stacks of various beverages.
- My butt is wet right now.
I'm pretty sure I'm out
here sitting in throw up.
I'm gonna win this.
Mark my words.
(piano music)
- This is gonna take forever.
I'm really struggling to find them.
So I invited the five people
that lost in the last video
to help me seek.
The objective is simple.
We rip a million dollars
outta someone's hand.
- Yeah!
- I love the energy
- All five coming after us.
I'm scared.
- You check that cabinet.
I check this cabinet.
- One, two, three.
- I'm not leaving this place
until somebody gets found.
- Oh, I hear them.
- We gotta get to the first floor, guys.
- First floor, first floor.
Where else can we check that
we have not checked so far?
(dramatic music)
- It's very hot in here.
It's very dark.
- [Boy] I don't think
there's anybody in there.
- You don't think so.
- There's nobody in there.
- I'm feeling it.
- Wow!
- I would honestly say outside.
(dramatic music)
- Zach!
- [Girl] Oh, my God!
Oh, my!
- [Boy On Walkie Talkie] I found ZHC.
- Looks like we found somebody.
- I'm so sorry.
- No, I'm so sorry.
- Meet me at the field, pronto.
But before I could go on
the field to eliminate ZHC,
Carl and Nolan noticed
something interesting.
- What is this worker working on?
He's just moving the cart and forth.
- [Nolan] He's doing worker things.
- Just looked a little bit suspicious.
Jimmy, I found somebody.
But he doesn't know that I saw him.
- Who is it?
- So I'm hiding in this basket thing.
People won't think to check it
'cause it's like, "Oh it's like a worker."
Big brain move, baby.
(dramatic music)
- Carl kept guarding the
very suspicious cart.
Let's see if his hunch was right.
- How much are they paying
you to push them around?
- He gave me 500.
- I'll give you a thousand dollars.
(dramatic music)
We're gonna push him to the field.
- It's not fair.
I thought I had it.
You'll ever take me alive!
(guys laugh)
- And I brought you on the field
because that's where the prison is.
Follow me.
- Aww!
- Reason I caught on is
'cause he literally
just kept taking plastic
and then putting it back on the
cart and then taking it off.
Look, NPC.
- We found Mark, Rover and ZHC.
Only seven of you remain!
- Only seven more left.
(Logan breathes heavily)
- Maybe I do need my mom
right now because I am scared.
- And to celebrate
getting three people out,
we're officially shutting
off the sixth floor.
I'll give you like 10 minutes to move
if you're on that floor.
- Jimmy just told us to move floors.
I was super comfortable and that sucks.
- You want me down a floor.
(upbeat music)
(door creaks)
(Larray panting)
- You guys wanna subscribe (indistinct)?
Make sure you subscribe.
(soft music)
- Just to confirm,
you are all off the
sixth floor now, correct?
(walkie talkie buzzes)
- I think I found a great spot. (blowing)
I think I'm good.
- Shh!
- [Man] Shh!
- All right, so I'm gonna freeze.
- I really don't know how
much longer I can stay in here
because it smells so bad.
- I'm a bush.
- Even with Zach branching
out his hiding skills,
we were getting closer.
Well if this isn't a
suspicious room. (laughs)
Okay, if I were them I
would create a blockade
using these guys to distract away from...
(dramatic music)
Ah, the mop closet!
Darn it!
I thought for sure.
- There's so many to choose from.
(dramatic music)
(Logan laughs)
- Oh, my God, my allergies.
(Larray sneezes)
- Wait, go see who that was.
- Oh, my God.
- Despite not finding
anyone, Air Rac got lucky.
- I 100% just saw a
face in this trash can.
Okay, is this a person?
- [Jimmy] Oh, my gosh!
That is a real person.
- Oh!
- [Jimmy] Oh no.
You've been in this box
for like five hours.
- I thought it was worth it
'cause I'd win the money,
but now it's not worth it.
(Jimmy laughs)
- All right, everybody.
We officially have our fourth person out.
She was hiding in a trash can
just like Mat Pat.
I'd advise you stop hiding in trash cans.
They don't work.
Because of Mat Pat and Sofie,
I could never trust a trash can again.
No one.
Can I inspect these bags?
(upbeat music)
Okay.
You're good to do your job.
Because Rosanna's still in,
I even have to check things
like this little trashcan.
She could fit in anything.
Like if I were a tiny Rosanna
Pansino, where would I hide?
Boom!
If I were a tiny Rosanna
Pansino where would I...
Hide!
(dramatic sting)
Ah, I thought I had her for sure.
(upbeat music)
For sure!
It had been another two
hours since we found anyone
and I was tempted to make
the circle smaller again.
But right before I could do that,
I stumbled across one more person.
If I were to hide anywhere,
it would be this room.
Wait a minute.
Is that some sneakers I see right there?
I'm gonna guess it's Logan.
This feels like some Logan stuff.
Oh Bella, how long have you been here?
Sorry it didn't work out, Bella.
You didn't manage to win this
million dollars for your fans.
- I tried.
- I'm gonna go find more people.
Attention, five remaining contestants,
Bella has been found.
I'm shrinking the playing
field down to the first floor.
This is where things get serious.
- We're having to move floors.
Fine.
Okay, we're moving.
(rapid music)
(car engine humming)
- They've gotta be moving.
(rapid music)
Wait, what's that?
(guys speak indistinctly)
Wave!
Point your camera!
(guys speak indistinctly)
Oh!
Oh, no!
Raz, you're not fooling
anyone with those big pants.
- I don't know what I'm
doing out here by myself.
(rapid music)
- Quackity!
(Quackity laughs)
We got him!
Yes!
(rapid music)
- I saw you walking through
the windows right there.
- [Quackity] You just robbed me
of a million dollars, man.
- Come on, don't say that, Quack.
(soft music)
Look at that million dollars.
Yeah, you can wave goodbye to it.
With seven people now eliminated,
we are down to the final three.
- Massive stadium, but there's
not a lot of spots to hide.
- I literally showed up
here at 6:00 in the morning
pushing through with zero sleep.
- We are going head to
head and hide and seek
for a million dollars
for one of your fans.
You guys are currently
hiding on the first row.
This shouldn't take that long.
This is gonna be intense.
We're coming for you.
- Good thing I'm on the first.
- I'm so sleepy.
(dramatic music)
- Oh, frig, that hurts.
So I am up here.
Okay, I feel good about this spot.
- With Zach, Larray and Logan
and only one floor left,
there's nowhere for them to hide forever.
We're able to scour
every inch of this place
including the trash cans.
It's just a matter of time.
The real race is who will we find first?
- I think I left a little trace though.
You can see these black dots I dropped.
I don't like that.
- It's freezing in this freezer.
Go figure
- [Jimmy] There's some spots in here.
- Again, I hear everybody coming.
- I think one of them's in the ceiling.
Weird insulation on the countertop here.
Weird giant hand print, U print.
- [Girl] You think people are here?
- Yeah, let's look.
(dramatic music)
- It's 32 degrees in this
fridge and I'm in shorts.
- [Girl] He's not here, Mat!
I feel like he might have
been, but he gone now.
- I'm like a hunter.
I'm a hunter sniffing the scent.
(dramatic music)
- This is ridiculous.
- [Logan] No one believed
me when I set the scenes.
(dramatic music)
- Oh, there he is.
- [Jimmy] Turns out the
freezer was too much for Logan
and we heard him get out
and we literally found him
one minute before Zach.
(upbeat music)
Ah, got him!
- No!
- Yes, yes!
I knew it!
I had your numbers on!
(Zach screaming)
Whoo!
He was in the ceiling!
But here's where gets interesting.
Does this mean Larray won?
(Larray exhales)
About that, Larray actually
fell asleep while hiding.
(Larry snores)
We searched the entire first
floor and kept calling him.
We genuinely thought
he was a hiding master,
but it turns out he was napping
on the second floor of the entire time.
- And I literally just woke up.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what's the rules.
- [Jamie] While dazed and confused,
we eventually found him
coming down to the first floor
- Here I am.
- It also shows that
part of the skill of this
is not falling asleep
which is actually kind of funny. (laughs)
And because Larray was
outside the playing field,
we unfortunately had to disqualify him,
(soft music)
which means by technicality,
but well earned,
there is a winner.
- Wait, say it again.
- [Jimmy] You won.
That's for real?
- [Jimmy] Yeah.
- Are you--
(audience cheers)
- This is the million dollars
you just won right here.
(audience cheers)
- We won!
- This is the winner up here,
game three!
- What are you gonna give this to?
I will do Mr. B Style Giveaways of course,
put it towards foster care
and filmmaking ventures--
- Aw!
- that I'm into for--
- What a nice guy.
Thank you for watching.
♪ This job is dough ♪
(soft music)